ADR 0000: Architectural Decision Records (#3074)
oasisprotocol/oasis-core: docs/adr/template.md

# ADR {ADR-NUMBER}: {TITLE}

## Changelog

- {date}: {changelog}

## Status

> A decision may be "proposed" if it hasn't been agreed upon yet, or "accepted"
> once it is agreed upon. If a later ADR changes or reverses a decision, it may
> be marked as "deprecated" or "superseded" with a reference to its replacement.

> {Deprecated|Proposed|Accepted|Rejected}

Reviewer: above comment also mentions `"superseded"`

## Context

> This section contains all the context one needs to understand the current
> state, and why there is a problem. It should be as succinct as possible and
> introduce the high level idea behind the solution.

## Decision

> This section explains all of the details of the proposed solution, including
> implementation details. It should also describe affects / corollary items that
> may need to be changed as a part of this. If the proposed change will be
> large, please also indicate a way to do the change to maximize ease of review

> > (e.g. the optimal split of things to do between separate PR's).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> (e.g. the optimal split of things to do between separate pull requests (PRs)).
```

## Consequences

> This section describes the consequences, after applying the decision. All
> consequences should be summarized here, not just the "positive" ones.

### Positive

### Negative

### Neutral

## References

> Are there any relevant PR comments, issues that led up to this, or articles

> > referenced for why we made the given design choice? If so link them here!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> referenced for why we made the given design choice? If so, link them here!
```
